update docs on the required z3 version (#13792)
ethereum/solidity: docs/smtchecker.rst

.. note::
  z3 version 4.8.16 broke ABI compatibility with previous versions and cannot
  be used with solc <=0.8.13. If you are using z3 >=4.8.16 please use solc

>   >=0.8.14, and conversely, only use older z3 with older solc releases.

Author: What I meant before was rather that if you're using Solidity >=0.8.14 you should also use the mentioned z3

Reviewer: Personally, I was fine with the 'vice versa' version, however, this doesn't make the statement false, right? I.e. a pre `0.8.14` solc will not work with `4.8.16+` z3?

Author: Yep, what you added makes sense too. Maybe rephrase to something "please use Solc >=0.8.16 in combination with z3 v , and older solcs with z3 other v, resp."

Reviewer: ```
  z3 version 4.8.16 broke ABI compatibility with previous versions and cannot
  be used with solc <=0.8.13. If you are using z3 >=4.8.16 please use solc
  >=0.8.14, and conversely, only use older z3 with older solc releases.
  We also recommend using the latest z3 release which is what SMTChecker also does.
```
Honestly, I this it's fine as is - especially given the context of `4.8.16` breaking the ABI. As in, what's written here makes perfect sense to me.

Author: Sounds good

>   >=0.8.14, and vice versa. We also recommend using the latest z3 release which

Reviewer 2: This vice versa reads like "if you are using solc >=0.8.14, please use z3 >= 4.8.16" to me, shouldn't it be this:

```suggestion
  >=0.8.14, and conversely, only use older z3 with older solc releases. We also recommend using the latest z3 release which
```
